Thursday Jan 14
- Meeting for an hour in person
	- All members were present
	- Meeting was focused on brainstorming and discussing possible ideas for a project
	- Apartment planner app chosen to be the topic of choice
		- tenant 

Saturday and Sunday Jan 16-17
- Various times over the weekend to informally discuss Itr 0 online
- What kind of features would be required?
	- What kinds of user stories would these features require?
		- Manager can send messages to specific/all residents that they are responsible for -- 1
			- Indication of urgency of the message sent
			- Residents have the ability to mark messages as read (manager can see this as well)
		- Public Bulletin Board that all residents can see -- 2
			- Notification to users (can be restricted)
			- Ability to sort the bulletin 
		- Scheduler that allows for specific events to be tracked -- 3
			- Ability to check status of rent

Tuesday Jan 19
- All members were here for this meeting : Joshua Da Silva, Timothy Keding, Nick Thiessen, Jourey Basco, Qing Cao, Courage Paul
- Meeting for an hour in person
	- Discuss final user stories and any other things that are needed for the Iteration 0 handin
	- Any other problems or things to fix
	- Technology choices discussed and decided on:
		- Server Managing - Apache
		- Mobile Development - Java
		- Web Language - bootstrap
		- DB - NoSql DB
		- Continuous Integration - Maven
		- Back-end - Django (Python)


Tuesday Jan 26
- All members were here for this meeting : Joshua Da Silva, Timothy Keding, Nick Thiessen, Jourey Basco, Qing Cao, Courage Paul
- Meeting for Iteration 1
	- Need to implement back-end
		- Django
		- send request to server and translate to database commands
		- Database - Nosql (cause of amazon) -- Amazon 
			- Tim will look into getting it setup
			- What are we storing
				- User accounts (resident and manager) -- Contact
					- room number
					- name
					- phone number
					- emergency contact
					- email
					- etc.
					- Also account details for manager
				- Bulletin postings
					- name of poster
					- actual post text
					- something to connect thing?!?! id 
				- Calendar events
				- Messaging - manager to residents
					- send id, recieve id, timestamp, message

	- host local webserver

Thursday Jan 28
- All members were here for this meeting : Joshua Da Silva, Timothy Keding, Nick Thiessen, Jourey Basco, Qing Cao, Courage Paul
- Meeting for Iteration 1
	- anyone who needs to learn the languages and technologies will learn it over the next couple of days
	- anyone who already is familiar with the languages will set the base foundations for the application
	- discussions about what priorities are for the foundation to get everything working


Tuesday Feb 2
- All members were here for this meeting : Joshua Da Silva, Timothy Keding, Nick Thiessen, Jourey Basco, Qing Cao, Courage Paul
- Meeting for Iteration 1 
	- review over iteration 1 requirements
	- discussion of what user stories need to be done by the priorities in Itr0
		- which user stories are we doing this iteration
			- User stories that relate to messaging (not including the bulletin board)
				- multiple messages will be divvied up to single messages by the server
				- Messaging - manager to residents
					- send id, recieve id, timestamp, messages
			- User accounts related to the messaging 
			- testing for each of these stories
	- hardware architecture drawing
		- decision to use UML diagrams to draw the architecture

Thursday Feb 4
- All members were here for this meeting : Joshua Da Silva, Timothy Keding, Nick Thiessen, Jourey Basco, Qing Cao, Courage Paul
- Meeting for remaining things for Iteration 1
	- Revised user stories
		- Users 
		- Messages
		- Bulletin

	- Diagram needs two different types of diagrams
	- physical diagram
		- user(application) -> web server -> framework -> amazon -> web server -> notifies user
	- class diagram
		- User class (Django generated - edited it)
		- Messages Class 
		- Bulletin Class
- Discussion for the next iteration
	- For iteration 2, features decided on are
		- Bulletin user stories
		- Addition of an proper front-end

Thursday Feb 11 
- All members were here for this meeting : Joshua Da Silva, Timothy Keding, Nick Thiessen, Jourey Basco, Qing Cao, Courage Paul
- Overview of what was finished in iteration 1 
- Decisions about what to do for Iteration 2
	- add more tests to the application
	- ensure that sufficient tests are added to the features that will be implemented
	- bulletin features are the ones that will be implemented
- Waiting on the actual posts from Mr. Hemmati to see what we actually need to have done for this next iteration

Tuesday Feb 16
- All members were here for this meeting : Joshua Da Silva, Timothy Keding, Nick Thiessen, Jourey Basco, Qing Cao, Courage Paul
- Design meeting for the front-end of the application
	- Single page application that uses bootstrap to help it out
	- Designs meeting had
		- login page
		- messages page
		- admin page
		- bulletin page
		- all of these pages have simple designs
		- each member of the group came up with at least 2 designs in total
			- required for us to have for this meeting
- Further discussion about the required things for iteration 2 handin
	- decision for next iteration for our own project is the calendar part of the application

Saturday Feb 20
- Online meeting on skype
- All members were here for this meeting : Joshua Da Silva, Timothy Keding, Nick Thiessen, Jourey Basco, Qing Cao, Courage Paul
- Contributions for this project so far has been a group effort, everyone puts their effort into this project
- Meeting about our current progress for iteration 2
	- Current iteration features chosen are the bulletin features
		- Please refer to the planning document that has all the features to have an updated cost
		- The document name is Project Stories, please refer to that
	- Next iteration will have the calendar features be implemented
		- once again please refer to the project stories document in the document folder, that has the estimated hours(cost) that it would take to do the features
		- this was also evident in the last iteration
			- this is the document that gets updated as we go along in the iterations
- Current plan
	- Finish any more work on the front-end that is required
		- polishing pages - jourey, nick, courage, tim
	- Research Selenium for front end automated testing
		- jourey and qing to research about this
	- Add Bulletins tables to the application to use 
		- josh
	- attach the bulletin front-end with the bulletin back-end
		- tim
	- Establish the amazon web service
		- josh
	- Add more tests to the application
		- qing, courage

Tuesday Feb 23
- All members were here for this meeting : Joshua Da Silva, Timothy Keding, Nick Thiessen, Jourey Basco, Qing Cao, Courage Paul
- Discussion about Iteration 2 requirements and things that need to get finished
	- REST API and Amazon Web service
		- handled by Josh
	- Front-end schema and other pages
		- nick, tim and courage
	- Selenium and front-end testing
		- jourey and qing
	- addition of any other tests required in the backend
		- anyone that has time

Thursday Feb 25
- All members were here for this meeting : Joshua Da Silva, Timothy Keding, Nick Thiessen, Jourey Basco, Qing Cao, Courage Paul
- Checklist of the current finished products, review over things that need to be finished
	- all discussions during this meetings was to just go over to make sure everything that was assigned on tuesday to each member is fine
	- there were no problems as of this meeting so everything should be fine going ahead
	- nothing to add in the meeting minutes

Tuesday March 1st
- Members attended meeting: Joshua Da Silva, Timothy Keding, Nick Thiessen, Qing Cao, Courage Paul
- Discussion about the next iteration
	- Division of labour goes as follows
		Android
		- Josh is working on rest API
		- Jourey and Nick are working on the android interface
		Calendar Feature
		- Qing and Tim are in charge of this
		Testing
		- Courage is taking care of the testing
		Planning and Documentation
		- Jourey is doing the documentation for the planning documents

Tuesday March 8th
- Informal meeting
- All members were here for this meeting : Joshua Da Silva, Timothy Keding, Nick Thiessen, Jourey Basco, Qing Cao, Courage Paul
- this meeting was mostly just a catch up to ensure that everyone was doing as they were assigned

Thursday March 10
- All members were here for this meeting : Joshua Da Silva, Timothy Keding, Nick Thiessen, Jourey Basco, Qing Cao, Courage Paul
- Discussion about current state of affairs and what other things are required
	- Calendar application is getting there
	- The REST API and android interface are getting sorted out
	- Testing is proceeding as planned
	- No apparent problems so far

Tuesday March 15
- All members were here for this meeting : Joshua Da Silva, Timothy Keding, Nick Thiessen, Jourey Basco, Qing Cao, Courage Paul
- Discussion about what is left to do for the iteration
	- Some features in the planning document were mistyped as being complete, when they were instead moved to be out of scope
	- Please note that member contributions for each part of the iteration are in their respective sections since the first iteration, each member is assigned their tasks as we discuss in the meeting and that is what they are responsible for

Thursday March 17
- All members were here for this meeting : Joshua Da Silva, Timothy Keding, Nick Thiessen, Jourey Basco, Qing Cao, Courage Paul
- Final thoughts and discussions before iteration deadline
	- The Rest API and the android GUI still need to be attached together
	- The calendar feature needs to be finished
	- Everything must be redeployed on the AWS
	- The android part of the application was decided to be another REPO in which we develop only for android there
		- there will be a link from the main repo to this one for it to be made
		- This decision was made to ensure that the codebases did not get mixed up alongside each other
		- All code was moved from personal repositories to this one over the past few days, and any work coming forward will be there